Now we have all the requirements of a user but actually a user needs on a page what information they
are going to use to make a buying decision.
And then we have all the user flows and how user is going to move from one page to another one.
We have information architecture built on the user research where we found that user is going to use
search box or sometimes looking for main categories ie summer collection and things like that and they
are looking for deals page on the main page and things like that so we have collected all the essential
information to go through and create a wireframe of our concept.
So this is actually our design phase and we are actually using all the information we have gathered
in the previous last lessons we have covered and it is going to be a blueprint of what actually the
content must be present on a page.
So we are going to add more structure and details but the colors we are not going to use colors and
typefaces because it is more of a subjective issue we are more concerned about what the information
must be present on a page for our user to make the decisions and secondly we are going to test it with
the user that this information is essential or is it adequate for the user.
And also we will show it to our stakeholders our CEO which is in case in me to see whether this is appropriate
or not.
So this is actually these.
This is vital frame stage and via frames is let me tell you one most important thing that vial frames
are the bread and butter or you can say the last final stage of a user experience designer if you are
a user expand research or whatever you are.
These are the things that will be the final deliverables to your design and development team.
So this is very important.
You can create them with any tool you have you can create them on panel paper you can create them digitally
you can create them using balsamic mockups or you can use Adobe actually Photoshop or sketch software
or whatever tool you have.
Now let's talk about the level of detail is when you are designing something.
So most of the times when you read any requirements for a job or things like that there is there are
terms like lo fi medium FI or high fire low fire these I have seen a lot of times low fertility means
low details they are like close to sketched things so we divide frames are almost at this stage medium
fidelity might have some colors it is rough you can say interface belt portrait prototype maybe a rough
prototype might have a medium fidelity and the high fidelity is actually our mock up which we are going
to create and sketch or Adobe Photoshop it will be actually which will be the final user interface for
our website.
So this is actually the difference.
You should know this difference because sometimes it is inside a job application and you should be able
to understand it.
Now let's see the wireframe I created for the main page and I am going to show you why I actually made
all these decisions.
So let's see and and go and see that.
Now this is balsamic mockup software which I use to create quick mock ups you can use it will be extra
Photoshop or anyone anything you have are a piece of paper if you want.
Okay so here's a wireframe I really recommend that you create a wireframe using a digital app because
it is more precise and you can print it and show it to others so you can see here we have the logo.
This is our logo for our client.
This is just the meeting we are not more.
And we are not focusing on the visuals or visual design we are focusing on the message and what must
be present are for the user to make the buying decision and what to make the users Apogee is easy and
user friendly and improve the user experience of this e-commerce store.
So let's let's zoom in a bit.
Let's see if we have a full page view.
There might be something over here to show at control f Okay so this is good.
OK.
So now you can see here we have on the left floor plan an authentic place to buy imported dresses just
to show that in our country the mindset is that we love imported things if it is from Germany China
or USA or any other country people are going to have more value to them attaching more value to them.
So this is actually the tagline and showing the message.
Okay.
Then we have on the right you can see log in and create new account credit.
Then sign up because when we were studying for the first time user interview with my users most of the
users they didn't understand.
Sign up things so they think that it is also logging.
So I change it to create new account rather than sign it.
Then we have log in which is very common.
Then we have these two things call help line or sound data done which is actually assuring because I
have seen that in the user interview we had users thinking that this site is not trustable because they
are not showing any return policy.
So we make sure that we have some written policy overhead then we have over here the card which is showing
clearly eight items and we have a big search bar which user is going to expect on the right side.
I have seen a lot of websites that they use and such bars on the left which is not a very common place
for that search box.
We will have some dropdown or such suggestions anyhow here we have the main page items I have added
a home over here because most of the users in my country they don't know if they click on this logo
they will go back to home.
So I have added a home categories because most of the users if they are lost they are going to go back
to home.
Then we have deals page which busy moms our persona which was looking for the deals page.
And we have party dresses which was a selected category when we had a card sorting exercise.
And most of the users the selected party dresses other than fancy dresses then we have casual dresses
then we have Barbie princess frocks so I have used both terms princess and also Barbie.
So this is it.
Then we have main top two sections.
Here we have some other collections you if you remember that I showed you an image of a girl when she
I interviewed her.
She was looking for some of the collection because it was summer right now on the left we have top deals
again.
We are focusing on a deal spared maybe user is going to get more focused on this one rather than clicking
our overhead bottom at the bottom.
We have different dresses which are right not popular.
So let's move bit down a popular dresses and which are mostly bought right now.
So user might be inclined to buy dresses which others are looking at right now or maybe trying to buy
right now.
So these are different dresses.
We can add more categories but this is actually our mean.
You can say focus to cover the first section which is mostly above the fold or in the fall area where
the user is going to mostly browse.
So users if you don't know what is forward forward is actually the top seven or eight hundred pixels
which mostly users browse on a.
It is not the same on your mobile.
Mobile phones will have like four to five hundreds.
And we might have just this section or hair or maybe this one.
So we are going to show these two in the top section OK.
So that is all.
Again we have of Franklin address and phone number at the bottom to make sure that users have something
over here.
Then we have again repeating the same at the footer.
Users are not going to be very much interested in the photo right now.
Also over here we can add something like order via WhatsApp.
So let's add that right now because we found out that users actually love ordering via what's app so
we are going to replicate this by clicking out.
The software is very easy to use I have a free video on my youtube channel if you want to watch how
to use balsamic mockups you can go to my YouTube channel Len you excite me and you can search for wild
frames and you will have a very detailed 15 minutes video on how to use this tool.
So we are going to have order
locks app order
Okay so next Jane the icon over here.
If we have uh um message or things something like this something like this.
Okay so we have something like that or here.
So uh this is going to you know let's move it to this one like go ahead because user is going to look
on the light right side and the control and more so that is it.
I think this is our wireframe and I have shown you all the decisions we have made why actually we are
using these categories over here because we found out in our card sorting that users are using these
terms to define our different categories of clothes then we have someone collection which uses were
looking for when it comes Vinter we are going to show the vendor or we can sure like three columns over
here and we can also show rental because sometimes users might want to look for winter collection before
they even though before the winter is going to come.
Okay.
So again we have all these.
If you have any questions regarding why and how I created this whole wireframe and what other decisions
we had you can see in the d d I have 90 percent off which is a very good call to action that please
buy this.
Then we have this just arrived which is showing that these are latest designs.
So it is also showing the fabric here you can see made with imported chiffon fabric.
So this is the title of the frock then.
And then we are going to show the the fabric of what it is made of because most women they are mostly
interested in the fabric.
So that is all.
If you have any questions do ask me this is how we went through the whole use Express design process
and created this wireframe of the main page.
We can also create a wireframe of the products page.
And right now I don't have time to create all of vide frames because I the reason is just to teach you
how the use Express process how this information architecture user flows everything is going to help
you decide and make a better user experience for this fraudulent e-commerce Web site.
Let us move on to the next lesson and see what we have ahead.
See you soon in another video you.